studying digital marketing will help you
learn more but it doesn't guarantee that
you'll get more traffic
sadly
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down what you should
stop studying digital marketing and what
you should do instead
while getting 10x the results
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
i'm saying you should stop studying
digital marketing if
and only if you've been studying it for
six plus months to a year or even more
you haven't done any actual campaigns
for your clients or yourself
you gave up after your failed campaigns
and
if you haven't even implemented any of
the things you've learned
because you could be learning a lot
about digital marketing so even if you
tried one campaign or two campaigns
on let's say seo but you also learned
about social media marketing paid
advertising email marketing conversion
rate optimization and you haven't tested
out any of the other stuff
you need to go and start doing
so step one start by focusing on one
marketing discipline
that discipline can be paid traffic
social media seo content marketing
copywriting email marketing conversion
optimization doesn't matter what it is
two find a client that has a product or
service in that niche
that is easier to make success and work
for free or at very low cost you may not
want to work for free but trust me the
experience is well worth it this
typically means products or services
with high ticket value or higher
retention rates those are easier to
optimize the goal is to find a product
or service that has a hungry market and
is underserved and ideally a big tam tam
stands for total addressable market the
bigger the market the easier it is
everyone says the riches in the niches
you don't build big companies in the
niches it's easier to take one percent
of a hundred billion dollar market than
it is for you to take a hundred percent
of a one billion dollar market
you can also do that for yourself if you
have a product or service that needs
marketing right you don't have to do it
for someone else it could be for
yourself
the next step find successful products
and services that are in the same
vertical and reverse engineer their
success
what does their offer look like pain
points needs wants
what does it address their price points
guarantees payments conditions
what are their traffic channels that
they're leveraging right what is the
ones are they mainly using seo paid
advertising you can use uber says to
check this out and see where people are
getting their traffic from as well as
similar one below actually in the
comments tell me what is your number one
traffic source is it seo is it paid
advertising right respond let me know
i'm always here to help and this data
allows me to tailor the videos so i can
produce better content for you
what are the channels or the pay
channels that they're using try to see
how they're positioning their ads and
copy the elements from their imagery to
their videos to their landing pages
and that gets me into do they have
multiple landing pages for different
audience segments this will give you an
indicator of the different groups of
people that they're targeting
now if you're not sure on how to figure
out their landing pages or even their
ads or the ad copy check out facebook's
ad library facebook's big everyone's on
facebook
you'll be able to see what they're
running and if they have a ton of
engagement on those ads probably is
working better than the ones that don't
have tons of engagement it'll give you a
direction of where you should go doesn't
mean if you copy them you'll be
successful it just gives you a rule of
thumb on what direction you should go on
the next step create a minimal viable
campaign that works on some of the
foundations that you've discovered in
your competitive analysis
use only one paid ad channel initially
or one seo organic channel or conversion
channel depending on the business you're
working on
test different variations of your offer
your ads your creatives segmentation
options
see which angle is the most successful
and double down on it
and create variations around the winning
offering angle and creative and see how
you can improve it even further
next step find other products services
and clients in the same niche that don't
compete with the first campaign that
you've created and apply what you've
learned
look
learning is great my mom was a teacher i
always believed in learning and my mom
always told me the moment you stop
learning
is the day that you're going to have
your start of your downfall
so knowledge is priceless and my mom
always taught me that it's more valuable
than money
but here's the thing
if you learn so much and you keep
learning and you never implement
you won't understand the intricacies
there's always so much that you'll learn
by just doing that's not taught through
reading
so you gotta actually take action
now if you need help with your marketing
check out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoyed the video like it share it tell
people about it thank you for watching